Jonathan Buch
Section #1
Lab #6
March 3rd, 2015
Program Design

Methods and Variables Needed:

For this program, I am going to need 5 total methods: ShowHeader,
max, min, average, and standard deviation. For max, min, and 
average, I am going to need to pass two variables. They are going
to be used to compare the values to find the max and min. For
average, the two variables it needs to take are the sum of the
values as well as the number of values total. Standard Deviation
only needs to take one number, the variance of the data, to
square root it. Since the variance is not required to be put into
a function, it is going to be implemented in the ShowHeader()
function. Also, since the program doesn't specify other than
output going to the ShowHeader() function, I am going to add the 
input file there to make the i/o located in the same place.
There are going to be a variety of variables needed for this program,
the most obvious are the two file pointers with two character arrays
to store the name of the input and output files. I am also going to
need a double variable called "value" to store the data as it is read
in from a file. For the methods, extra variables are needed. For max
and min, a second value variable is needed to compare two of the
values. Max will need to be initialized to a number so low that
nothing can be a value lower and vice versa for min. This is because
initializing that variable to 0 could cause problems as 0 could be
the min or max of the data values. Standard deviation is going to
require two new variables, variance and final. Variance (vari) is
going to be an array to store the the values of the file for access
when it leaves the loop. Once it leaves the loop, vari[100] can be
used with a while loop to get the variance of the data. The variance
is then stored as final, to be sent to the function for standard
deviation. Lastly, my program is going to need to output to the file:
the average, max, min, and standard deviation via the fprintf
function with the output file pointer. At the very end of 
ShowHeader(), I'll need to close the input and output files.

Method Descriptions:

void ShowHeader(FILE*, FILE*, char[], char[], double) - takes two 
file pointers, two character arrays, and a double. It opens both
files, does the necessary calculations outputs the results to an
output file, then closes both files

double max(double, double) - takes two doubles to compare them to
find out which one is larger than the other

double min(double, double) - same as above, but finds and returns 
the smaller of the two values

double average(double, double) - takes two doubles, the sum and
count, and divides the two to return the average of the data

double stdDev(double) - takes a double (variance) and returns
the square root  


