Jonathan Buch
Section #1
Lab #11
April 16th, 2015

Journal

Time Spent/Difficulties:

This lab was quite confusing for the first few day I worked on it because
I thought I had to use a linked list inside of an array to store the actors'
names which caused me a bit of a headache when trying to figure out the best
way to print the nodes in the linked list. I ended up using a string array
as it stored the actors' names as well as being able to be printed quite easily.
This took me about 2 hours to implement and test to show that it was working
correctly. The other major difficulty in this lab was being able to put the data 
into a Binary search tree node as the way the data was stored in the file made it an
inconvience to separate the data into managable chucks. After learning how
delimiting characters work with getline(), the input was far less infuriating
to do instead of the standard ifstream input methods. This took me around an
hour and a half to fully complete as I had to research delimiting characters.
Although I was somewhat agravated by this lab, I feel that this lab help me 
prepare a lot for the test that is coming in the next week. I also had some 
fun when getting this program to work when I wanted to see if shows I liked 
were in the list. Overall, this lab took me about 7 hours to complete with 2 of
those hours brainstorming ideas for the lab. The rest of the time was spent debugging
and testing any erroneous code. 

*Of Note* 
The input file turned out to be more of a problem than first anticpated
because there were added spaces after movie names and some actors that screwed up
some of my prints at first. These were easily remedied by changing the input file 
slightly, but nonetheless took around 20 minutes total to fix the input file.

Lessons Learned:

I learned that Binary search trees act much like singly linked lists do, but are a
lot faster when trying to find a specific node. I also learned that searches within
a binary search tree, even an exhaustive one, are still incredibly fast. I was quite
amazed at how it was able to compute all of the nodes and store them in the correct 
order in such a small amount of time. I also learned that the simplist approach is
the best when nesting different data structures together ( Arrays are easier to
implement than linked lists ). Other than that, I learned much about how Binary 
search trees actually work and how they need to implemented.
