Jonathan Buch
Section #1
Lab #13
April 30th, 2015

Journal

Difficulties Expirenced/Time Spent:

The main difficulty I had in this lab was understanding how and
why function pointers are used. I also was a bit confused by how
the lab was worded because when I started the lab, I thought that
we had to change the sortLines.cpp file to use our filter with a
function pointer. After discussing with some classmates, I discovered
my error and started anew. The only part that I had some trouble with
on my new files was getting the function pointer to work correctly.
The first attepmt that I made declared the function pointer on its
own while in the function that used the function pointer was also
declaring the pointer which led me to discover that it could be used
either in the function definition or on its own, not both. I decided
to stick with the function pointer in the function declaration itself
as it made the rest of the code much less complex. In all, I spent
50 minutes working on the sortLines.cpp mistake, and about 45 minutes
on the actual program that I had created. I looked up function pointers
for about an hour in order to become more familiar with them to make
this lab go smoother. This lab in total took me around 2 hours and 30
minutes to complete including the research on function pointers.

Lessons Learned:

This lab mainly helped solidify the concept of function pointers and
the extent of their usefulness in a program. I found that function
pointers can be helpful when you are trying to a function that can
vary by how the user wants the data. For example, in this lab, you
could filter it many different ways and use the function pointer to
specify which function that you want to use for your data. I also
learned that since the usefulness of function pointers is lost when
you have a limited number of variable functions, it is best to use
them when you have a variety of functions that can be used in many
different ways. Otherwise, function pointers aren't worth the extra
effort.
